hi welcome to excess of your TV these
are next few series of videos are going
to be showing you how to do basic
repairs to speakers like smart machines
join y'all to setup mixers correctly and
not settle out quickly how to position
your speakers change belts on turntables
help to balance turntable torn arms
everything like that live we do an older
there book we think we should know the
basics of it to save your money sending
them off to shop to get referred okay
this speaker here is a extreme
12-inch we run it in very firm because
the tweeter is blown on it so by doing
these videos will show you how to do it
yourself just by buying the parting or
saving a lot with better costs so while
they only took the screws out the
speaker to start with to save time the
next shot would to be inside the speaker
looking at driver that's done so I've
got the bolts out now this is a plastic
molded and a wooden case speaker the
foots molded which makes it tiny bit
harder than normal speakers get into
however that's no problem
those from the take it all out and
you'll see the driver love you okay this
speaker is a built-in horn but some
speakers the horn you can't separate
with the tweeter and you're up in there
you don't need to buy them new because
they're not the price of floor this is
the tweet of itself is helping by 2
spoon loaded clips which makes it easy
to take off and put back on it's a
titanium compression driver running at 8
ohms so these are the things you need to
be looking up before your audio your
spare part to make sure you get the
correct replacement it's really what I
said it's easy it's easier it's just
pushing it down pulling the wire out
pushing it down pulling the way out but
all the ways to it I'll get this tweeter
off from the shorty inside workings a
bit ok as you can see here it leaves you
terminals which your wires attached to
there's four screws on the top I've
already undone them take the top cover
off
this here is actually partly get
replacement for set this up carefully
and you can see this is the tweeter part
that you blog but this is the actual
part that's a titanium this disk here
and you can see a magnetic coil taking
the voltage round which is the part that
moves your actual magnet that it fits
into is the fixed part of the speaker
which you don't need to change okay this
is the brand new one as you can see
exactly the same but I'm not sure the
camera will pick it up a lot but if you
look at the copper wiring on the edge
this one dark because it being burnt out
and this one is nice and clear copper
bronze color all you need to do is just
fix it back on so that the copper ring
fits into place in between this magnet
ring once you've got little screw holes
lined up everything all fit in place
next thing to do is put the four screws
back in then put the horn back into the
speaker cabinet let you wise up and
that's all there is to it
absolutely - fitted back onto the coal
and onto its encasing magnet I've
already thirty one of the ways back on
there ready to fit the other one back
into the spring-loaded mechanism there
just a quick note before hand I put a
bit of tape onto the wires so I make
sure I get the polarity draft in one
back in
but I want to get the possum - pit stop
simple thing the ways I have been
soldered push the spring-loaded clipping
all the way in my god
that's as easy as that by doing this
simple thing it took me five minutes to
fix the speaker and then it will take
you the same amount of time what save
you a hell a lotta money and getting it
shipped off to a shop or the
manufacturer getting it repaired getting
it shipped back and the mob fill up this
house
you